and may contain
mature subject matter.
Viewer discretion
is advised.
and may contain
mature subject matter.
Priestly Demolition is
the master of destruction.
(glass shatters & metal creaks)
But before they tear
buildings down,
they hunt for
anything left behind.
Look at that.
Is that ever sweet, eh?
The man leading
the mission is Ted.
It doesn't matter how old
the building is, where it is.
At the end of the day,
I hunt for treasures.
With help from
foreman, Justin.
Oh!
What do you think you
can sell these for?
The rookie, Julien.
Never gonna
guess what I found!
- Come on, are you serious?
- Sweet.
- And boss, Ryan...
- Okay!
...Who isn't afraid to
get his hands dirty.
Whoa!
At their salvage yard,
their goal is to
sell their finds for as
much as they can...
- Good deal.
- ...As fast as they can.
- 100 bucks for all 4.
- You got a deal.
I asked for unique.
This is really unique.
Cha-ching, cha-ching, cha-ching.
Like, this is what I love.
This is why I get up
in the morning.
They are...
The Salvage Kings.
♪
- What's happening, bud?
- What are you up to?
Got an interesting call
this morning from
the mayor of Cobalt.
We've done work
up there, yeah.
That's what he said.
He's got buildings
that need to come down,
but I think they're on a
bit of a tight budget.
- Like, no budget?
- No budget so far.
He's got one building
where we can salvage away,
take what we want, and kind
of give him an appraisal on
how much it's gonna cost
to knock these places down.
Well, what are
the buildings?
Is it like a hospital or
a school; what is it?
No, one was a
car dealership.
Okay. So, you want to
go up to Cobalt, 4 hours away...
Yeah.
And do some picking,
pay for our time that way?
You think you can
get $10,000
out of this place, or what?
I don't know.
Well, I think that we gotta try
and make that our goal
'cause it's 2 days gone that
we're never gonna get back,
so you better find something
to fill those trailers with,
please and thank you.
The situation in
Cobalt is unique,
but we've done it before.
Salvaging old buildings,
trying to help the owner
to get a little bit of
a break on the demo.
It's very expensive to dispose
the contents of a building.
If we can get a bunch out of
there for them, it's good.
♪
- Good news.
- What?
We got a wicked job.
We're going on a road trip.
- Road trip?
- Cobalt.
You ever heard of Cobalt?
Way up north.
It's a silver mining town.
- When do we go?
- Now.
- Like, now?
If you guys
don't want to go,
I guess I'll have to
take Gord and John.
- (laughs)
- Let's get out of here.
Let's do it.
Back in the early 1900s,
Cobalt was the biggest
silver producer
in the world,
pulling out millions
of ounces every year.
In 1903, massive mineral
deposits were discovered here,
and by 1905, there was a
full-on silver rush.
At its peak, the mines
in Cobalt produced
30 million ounces of
silver in a single year.
- We're getting close.
- Yeah.
I can smell the silver.
The town of Cobalt is located
about 5 hours north of Toronto.
Its population
peaked a century ago,
and now, is home to
just over 1,000 people.
Welcome.
That was a long drive.
- That was a good drive.
- Well, boys, we're here.
This is the place, man.
Let's get in there, man.
The MacMillan family bought
this building in 1936.
It's been through many
incarnations before and
after their purchase,
including as a funeral parlour,
a Mercury outboard
retail and repair shop and,
a Nash car dealership.
- Door's open.
- Oh-ho.
- Wow.
- Gold mine!
- Where do we start?
- Gas station stuff.
- Okay.
- Signage.
Anything related to Nash, you'll
freak out and have a baby?
I'll freak out
and have a baby.
First sight,
that building: rough.
Lot of history though.
Nash Motors is one of
the most sought after
in the collecting field.
There's gonna be cool stuff
in here, for sure.
Nash Cars were only
produced from 1916 to 1957.
Many items related to
these vehicles are
highly sought after
and collectible.
Nash's slogan was,
"Give the customer
more than he's paid for,"
something they achieved
by pioneering
many inventions.
In 1938, they were the
first to install heating and
ventilation in cars.
And in 1950,
they were the first car company
to offer seat belts.
♪
- That's cool.
- Hey, Justin?
If I gave you this, do you think
you'd be more level headed?
- Brutal.
- That's a nice phone.
♪
- Ted!
- Yeah?
Come here, man.
I got something.
I don't think you'll
have a fully baby,
but a half a baby.
What is it?
I'm not quite sure,
but it has the Nash on it.
It's a Nash oil cap.
That is sweet, eh?
- That is cool.
- I love it!
I mean, this is so cool.
The oil caps that
Justin found tells me
there has to be more
Nash memorabilia
in this building.
You know what, Julien,
maybe we should grab some
totes out of the trailer
and start putting
all this stuff in them.
- I'll be back.
- I'll be here.
(mutters)
Wow... Oh, man...
Is that ever cool!
- What? Wow!
- Sweet.
What is that?
Well, that's a, like,
it's an old calendar.
Look it, Ditzler
Automotive Finishes.
Canadian Pittsburgh Industries,
Windsor.
What do you
think these are worth?
Well, the condition's
horrendous.
You know, really, it's probably
only worth about $20.
This is nicer.
Like, you may be
100 bucks for this.
That is cool.
If that calendar's there,
more.
Let's keep moving
forward here.
Oh, you're armed?
Okay. Go.
Go, go, go, go.
Look at these stairs, dude.
Man, this place is sketchy, eh?
- There's stuff everywhere!
- This place, man, holy...
- Look at this.
- Sweet.
The second level of this place
has even more stuff.
There's trophies,
bikes, typewriters.
There's everything up there.
How about that
old typewriter?
- That's kinda cool.
- That's coming.
♪
(mutters)
...a mixer.
♪
I wonder if that's silver.
- Julien!
- Yeah?
I think I found a
big hunk of silver.
No...
I'm always on the
hunt for treasure,
and maybe this
time I found some.
We're in silver land,
you know. Look.
- No?
- What do you think that is?
I don't know. It shines.
Well, like, maybe
there's silver in it.
Look at all the shiny.
We like shiny stuff;
why would they keep it
in this box, right?
- Where'd you find it?
- Upstairs in the cabinet.
Why would they have that?
So, how you making out?
In here,
you might find this cool,
there's some actual
gas pump handles.
That's a farm pump handle.
That's good.
- It's out of the 60s, man.
- Alright, now...
- What else, what else?
- Now, my drawer.
What do you got?
Oh, this is all
Nash related stuff.
Right on, man.
Well, this is cool.
Yeah, I know. These are
real collector's items.
Put that in there.
Alright, well, you carry on.
I'll be back in
a few minutes.
- Yeah.
- Alright.
I found that silver,
but I'm no expert.
I gotta go check it out.
The mayor told Ted that if
he needed to know anything
about Cobalt, he should go
over to the book store and
check in with Deb.
- Hi, are you Debra?
- Yeah.
Hi, Debra, I'm Ted.
Nice to meet you.
Okay, so, I found something
really neat here at
that MacMillan building.
Alright, what is it?
I think it's silver,
but I don't know.
What do you think?
You're asking me? Why?
Because you're
the historian.
Oh, like I'm a geologist too?
You know what,
you gotta take this to
somebody who knows.
- Who knows?
- Probably Gino.
- Gino, yeah?
- Yeah.
Over in the, the big
building right past there.
- You're not gonna miss it.
- Alright.
- Okay, bye for now.
- Buh-bye.
I'm off to see Gino.
He's a local prospector
and geologist.
If anyone knows what
this thing is worth,
this dude will know.
- (door creaks)
- Hello?!
- Hey! How you doing?
- Hey, you're Gino?
- Yes. Gino Chitaroni.
- Hey, I'm Ted.
Nice to meet you.
Debra from the book store
sent me over.
I got some real
treasure here, I'm thinking.
Hm. So,
where'd you get this?
I found it in the
old MacMillan building,
just down the road here.
Yes, I know
the place well.
I think it might be silver.
Wow. Well, this is...
it's bendable,
it's, you can see,
that's gone through a fire.
It's likely lead babbit from
one of the mills that
burnt down in the Cobalt area.
Lot of people think
it's silver, but it's not.
I thought it was silver.
It's lead?
- Yeah, it's lead.
- So, it's like a 1.23 a pound.
Yeah, it's not worth a
whole hell of a lot right now.
Obviously, that has all kinds
of product from a fire.
I can see a nail,
charcoal in there.
You look closely,
maybe under a microscope,
you'll probably find a
whole bunch of other things.
What's the shiny stuff?
It looks like silver.
- Nah, she's lead.
- Alright.
Not worth as much as
the box, here.
It's unfortunate, but...
Well, it's not worth much,
but it's still great
history piece for me.
I love it.
You want to see
something really cool?
I do. I'm in.
I'm in, brother, let's go.
- Cool place, man.
- Yeah.
It's got a lot of history
in it, that's for sure.
Been around since
1914, this place.
- Seriously?
- So...
- What's this?
- That's a bullion furnace.
That is cool.
That's actually the
original one that was
in operation by the government.
It was set up for
the small scale mine,
and juniors and prospectors.
In the day, that's how rich
the silver deposits were.
One could just take a
hammer or a chisel,
or a drill, and peel it
off the walls, underground.
They used to bring it here
and you smelt it into bars.
Silver bar,
like a big hunk?
Yeah, you pour it into a bar -
500, 1000-ounce bars.
1000-ounce bar?!
Yes, 1000-ounce bars,
that's correct.
Anywhere between 18
and 20 bars in a day.
They poured the silver into
moulds like this, right here.
And then, you could
take that to a buyer,
in most cases, a bank,
walk across the street and
get cold, hard cash.
That'd be like
a good day, eh?
Oh, man.
After Ted wraps up
with Gino,
he hustles back to
join the guys at
the MacMillan building.
They're well into their
first day of salvage,
and have a long way to go
to hit their $10,000 target.
There is so much
stuff back here.
Finding stuff
all over the place!
- It's loaded, isn't it?
- Yeah.
- Go find your own area!
- I am, man.
(laughs)
Is that ever cool, eh?
This stuff is waterlogged.
Look at this.
Look at this, man.
Look at that.
- Oh, man, what is that?
- It's a Petty hood ornament.
- Really?
- Is that ever sweet?
Nash got Petty to design
these hood ornaments.
It's a flying goddess.
The flying goddess hood
ornament was designed by
famed pinup artist,
George Petty,
and his designs were
featured on many
Nash vehicles into the 1950s.
The Petty Girl made her
debut in 1933 in
Esquire Magazine's
very first issue.
During the second World War,
they became popular
on war planes, including
the famous bomber,
Memphis Belle.
What do you
think that's worth?
- So, I'd say 75 bucks.
- 75 bucks?
200 bucks.
Neither one of you are
buying it then 'cause
in worse condition,
I've seen 'em go for 5.
This one is sweet.
Like, you don't even
have to put that on a car.
- I would call that a treasure.
- That is nice.
♪
Oh, Ted!
What are you
doing up there, man?
- Finding cars.
- Come on, are you serious?
- I'm serious, a car.
- Pull it back, man.
What is it?
I am crossing my fingers
that that tarped car
is what I think it is.
♪
Look at that.
Holy crap.
What are you
doing up there, man?
Finding cars.
I walk up the stairs
and I see this big,
blue tarp covering what I
can only assume is a car.
Well, pull it back, man.
What is it?
- Look at that. Get this off.
- Oh, cool.
What is it?
Sweet-looking vehicle, eh?
Is that ever cool!
- It's a Nash.
- No!
It's a Nash Airflyte.
Canadian Statesman.
That's a rare find.
They were built
in the early 50s.
There was just over
1100 of those
built in the Toronto factory.
It's a little hammered,
but awesome.
What year,
do you think, Ted?
Gotta say early 50s.
Some people call it rust,
I call it patina.
It's not that bad.
We'll get over 1000
bucks for that thing.
Missing an interior,
but what can you do?
I love it that
Julien found the Nash.
I mean, this is so cool;
that's what I was looking for.
You guys see the car, but
look at all the boat motors!
That is sexy,
look at that one.
They're all awesome, eh?
And there's 100
boat motors here.
- That one is mint!
- This is a honey hole.
Ted knows a lot about a lot,
but when it comes to boats,
I'm the captain.
Look how nice they are!
Ted, Ted,
what are we gonna do?
There's too
much stuff in here.
Let's get this thing out
of here so we can move.
- Okay, on it.
- You grab some more totes.
- We'll pull this out, alright?
- Okay.
So far, a lot
of great smalls.
We got the Nash car.
You gotta be a little careful of
getting that thing out of here.
We're leaving the
trailer outside.
We'll try to winch it on.
♪
Come on. Sketchy.
Oh, the brake!
(Ted chuckles)
Not working too good.
It's heavy.
It's a car!
I know, but it's
a heavy old car.
- It's a car!
- Try it again.
Straighten out,
straighten out.
You gotta get
ready with that block.
I got it.
- It's not working, dude.
- No, I know.
It's always when
you don't have time,
the cable pulley jams.
Get that block!
Hold it.
You're half way on.
I don't think this
door will open.
(laughs)
I'm literally stuck.
I'm stuck! Help me!
Crawl out the window.
I can't fit through
this window, bud.
- Go through the front.
- Oh, I forgot about that.
Oh, why did I have to eat
those burritos last night?
You're gonna
dent the hood.
Well... you're gonna
have to fix it.
- It all worked out.
- Told you I could do that.
- Good job.
- That's half way.
Get the chain on, pull it
the rest of the way.
- Okay, let's do it.
- Put it right on here.
♪
Come on, little Nash.
♪ (chain cranks)
- Keep going.
- I can't. I'm gonna push it.
But how far do we got?
So close.
We ran out of chain.
Now it's down to man power.
♪
- (grunts) Good, man.
- Keep going.
- You're good, you're good.
- Is that it?
- That's it.
- You're good, you're good.
Dude, how's your back?
I'm fine, but I just
don't want to be behind it.
- Let's get some straps on it.
- Yep.
With the car out of the way,
the guys can have
one last quick look around.
Their time in Cobalt is
just about up and
they still have to
load the trailer.
Oh, sweet.
Hey! I think I found
a nice old sign, man.
- No, really?
- Yeah, a beauty.
♪
- Jeez!
- Dude!
"F. F. W... Wool...
Woolworth."
That's beautiful.
Look at it.
How old is this?
Woolworth's been
around since 1880.
They developed
merchandising.
They were the first company
to put stuff on shelves and
let people go
help themselves.
I love these old signs.
Big old signs
equal big bucks.
Now we gotta figure out
how to get it out of here.
(grunts) Now, like...
like this.
Crazy bastard.
(laughs)
What are you doing?
Julien!
Ted can't handle this.
- It's too heavy for him.
- What's it say?
It says, "pick me up and
put me in the damn trailer."
These signs are cool.
We can sell them for a
good chunk of money if you
find the right buyer for 'em.
But I think the coolest find
of this place was the car.
- Is that ever cool.
- It's awesome.
It's gorgeous.
It's huge, though.
We honestly have no time.
We have other
places to go to.
No, you're right,
you're right.
Okay, so, let's pick
a couple good motors.
What do you
think are good here?
I like this one
'cause it's so mint.
This one, bit of gas,
it might fire.
Yeah?
That turquoise
one over there...
- Gorgeous.
- You're the motor guy.
You pick two nice ones
and we get moving here, okay.
I'm gonna look around.
Yeah, of course,
you're gonna look around;
that's all you've been doing.
Look at this.
I think I found
another sign, man.
- (grunts)
- Oh, my!
- Look at this.
- They wrote it upside down.
- (laughs)
- Yeah.
(knocks)
Another hand painted.
We have no time.
Stop looking.
This is the
perfect thing to end on.
Just, we gotta
load the trailer.
Okay, fine. We'll start
loading the trailer.
This place is
seriously amazing.
I could stay here
for days salvaging,
but I don't think that's
gonna fly with Ryan.
They've got one last stop
before leaving Cobalt:
they promised to
meet the mayor
at the town's iconic
train station.
- Mr. Mayor?
- Yes.
- How's things, brother?
- Hey, well. Good.
- This is a beautiful building.
- Yeah, fantastic.
Cobalt Station
was built in 1910.
It was designed by John M. Lyle,
who was also the architect
behind Toronto's Union Station.
In its prime, Thomas Edison,
Canadian Prime Minister
Sir Wilfred Laurier,
and even the Prince of Wales,
crossed its platforms.
The station ceased
operating in 2012,
but has since been designated
as a heritage building.
The mayor has asked Ted
to help clear out
what he can from what
was left behind by the
building's previous owners.
Look at this place, man.
Holy, look at that!
Mayor, what's this?
That's a picture of the bullion.
Imagine how heavy
that is, the weight?
There was tons of it
that went through here.
$15 million.
Twice as much silver came
out of Cobalt during the
silver rush as
gold came out of
the Klondike during
their gold rush.
So, what is the
story here, mayor?
Story is, is...
the owner's out of town and,
she's left this stuff behind
and it's to get rid of.
- I'm in.
- I've gotta head out.
I'll let you know
how we make out.
- Okay.
- Let's start in the back.
- Oh, man!
- Wow.
- Look at this stuff.
- Snow shoes!
I don't feel right.
This just feels too easy,
like a trap.
A big thing's
gonna fall.
It's karma for all the
crap we've dealt with:
buildings, dead mice,
animals.
This is nice, you know.
We don't get many
jobs like this one.
Everything is
neatly piled up,
waiting for us
to just load it.
♪
(laughs) You gotta be
kidding me.
You gotta be kidding me!
Does this place
get any better?
- Holy crap!
- What'd you get?
- Look at this, come here!
- What?
I gotta love
this town, man.
Look at that! (claps)
How often do
we find one of these,
let alone 3 together?
The sun is shining today.
This town is wild, man.
- There's records.
- This one's sweet.
- What era is that?
- 50s. That's a 50.
Really?
I think it's
an AMI model D.
- Late 60s, into the 70s.
- It's cool.
Let's load 'em
and get out of town.
- Done.
- I love it.
- Grab the dolly?
- Yeah.
Jukeboxes!
On top of the Nash car and
everything else we got from
the MacMillan building,
couldn't ask for
a better day than this.
Now we got a 5-hour
drive back to National,
and we'll see if we can turn
a profit on this salvage.
♪
Ted's got a full load.
Now he has to hit
Ryan's $10,000 target,
and he's not
wasting any time,
calling collectors as
soon as he hits the road.
He knows a
number of them
that are looking for
specific items.
I got a couple of
killer ones here.
They're from Cobalt.
He starts with the
sale of a 1950s jukebox.
Alright, perfect.
Take care. Bye.
Now, it's on to
the big signs.
Hey, Jesse, it's Ted.
How you doing, buddy?
Jesse's a set buyer.
I've known him for years.
I got a feeling he's
gonna love these signs,
and I really want them
to go to a good home.
♪
- How you doing, Jes?
- Ted, how are ya?
I'm good.
What's new in your world?
Just looking
for some big signs.
Friend of mine's
designing a restaurant so,
she's got me on the lookout
for some stuff for the walls.
That's the biggest
killer sign going, right?
It's pretty big.
Pretty awesome, yeah.
That was the Woolworth sign
right in front of the store.
- Where'd you get this from?
- Cobalt, Ontario.
Wow, it's insane.
Look at that
crackly finish.
- Beautiful patina.
- Yeah.
You can't make that.
You could try.
Yeah, that's probably
one-of-a-kind, I'm sure.
Do you have any other things
that are a little smaller 'cause
we're just, we're trying to fill
some walls at this restaurant?
That would fill one.
That would,
for sure, fill one.
- I got another one over here.
- Let's have a look.
- Is that from Cobalt as well?
- Yeah.
They're truly
one-of-a-kind signs.
I mean, they're hand-painted.
They got beautiful wear.
Look at that.
Holy cow; that's killer, yeah.
That's really great.
I love both these signs.
That's got the rusty look.
That's just got the
old paint patina on it.
Yeah, the weathering's
amazing.
Like, they've been
through a lot.
- This is northern Ontario, man.
- I'm sure.
They get hammered up there.
"Silverland Gem Shop".
- (knocks) That's a beauty.
- It's a one-off.
I know; it's pretty great.
What's the best you
could do on them both?
7500 for the pair.
♪
I was thinking more like 35.
What do you think about that?
That's a bit light.
Yeah, I know I could
use this one for sure.
This one, I'm still...
but they are great.
Oh, you love that,
I can tell.
I know you love that one.
I can tell, man.
So, 6 grand.
♪ (suspenseful)
What's the best you
could do on them both?
- 6 grand.
- I was thinking more like 35.
What do you
think about that?
That's a bit light.
What if we went,
like, like 4?
You know what, for 5 grand,
for you, I'll do 'em for 5.
- Both for 5?
- Both for 5.
♪
They're pretty great.
That's worth it.
- 5 grand?
- Beautiful, alright.
- Good, man.
- Alright.
They're going
to a good home.
They're going to a
good home, trust me.
The reason why I like
dealing with Ted is because,
even though he beats me
up on the price sometimes,
I always find that in the end,
it's good for both of us.
Beautiful, Ted.
Thank you, brother.
No problem.
Let's go write it up.
With the sale of
the signs to Jesse,
Ted has passed the halfway
mark to the $10,000 goal.
- Ted?
- What?
- Where are ya?
- Right here, man.
Checking out the jukebox.
What do you think of this?
It's in good shape, yeah.
I remember one of these
in a little restaurant.
- You remember this?
- Yeah. An old restaurant.
My grandfather
used to go there.
There was one in the corner,
and it was very much like this.
Just like this?
They've been around forever.
The roots of jukeboxes
go back to the 1890s,
with the invention of the first
coin-operated phonographs.
The term "jukebox" wasn't widely
used until the late 1930s.
These machines peaked in
popularity in the 40s and 50s,
but remain highly
collectible today.
What do you want
to do with this?
I want to get it
working and sell it.
What the hell happened to,
"as is... no warranty"
Yeah, but it's more fun.
This is a fun piece.
I can get more money;
that's it.
It'll still be as is, but we'll
get more money if it plays.
I'm gonna open it up.
Look at that.
Wow. This looks
pretty complicated.
I'll fix it.
I just see
electrocution in here.
Yeah, just... watch where
you put your fingers.
- Oh, dude. You have fun.
- I'll fix it my own self.
You're gonna
get electrocuted.
I gotta plug it in.
♪
Meanwhile, Julien is
concerned with the Nash
he found in Cobalt, and he
needs his grandpa's help.
♪
Good morning.
Well, the grill's
in perfect condition.
That's gonna be a challenge
to put back on the road.
- It's a project.
- It's definitely a project.
It's a big project.
Ted might be the know-all
guy for salvage stuff,
but my grandpa's
really the expert on cars.
For company founder,
Vic Priestly,
and his friend, Jerry,
getting old cars to work
is a labour of love.
- Jerry, how you making out?
- Give me a few minutes.
You're sleeping
on the job again.
Some people like to go
fishing or golfing and,
Jerry and I like to
fool with this old junk.
Over on the bench there is that
little orange screwdriver.
Yes, sir. Critical piece
of equipment.
He's 78, lot of fun.
Very handy guy.
And, he can start
almost anything,
as long as it's got
gas in it and a battery.
- Okay.
- Want a hand?
No. (laughs)
- You want a shoe horn?
- (laughs) No.
Dad and Jerry
are pretty simple.
They just laugh and joke,
and kibitz,
and tease each
other all day long.
I'm getting too
old for this.
Vic's passion for
collecting doesn't stop
with vintage cars and trucks.
Over the past few decades,
he's amassed a
world class collection of toys.
♪
Jerry built
these structures.
You can see by the paint,
he's not great on painting.
But he's built these bodies.
He's put our name on it.
They're very unique;
that's why I like them.
Simple as that.
I think the more my dad
steps away from the business,
the more collecting
he's done.
His barn's, like, full.
He has more toys
than anything else.
Like, there isn't one open
shelf in that whole place.
It's just full of stuff.
Over here is Wyandotte,
and then,
down at the end,
Lincoln toys.
These are Ertl Trucks, and
these are Little Beaver,
which is kind of funny
'cause all they are is
Tonka trucks made for Canada.
The toys
started 20 years ago.
Fellow that worked for me,
he had some diecast
construction toys and
he wanted to move away and,
I bought his
little collection.
They're all Structo toys
on this whole wall.
Some of them actually
have engines in them.
There's probably
3,000 toys in here.
I've never actually counted;
that's just a guess.
Bunch of fire trucks,
trains, matchbox toys.
Here's about
1000 Hot Wheels.
My grandpa does let me play
with his toys sometimes....
The rules are mostly,
don't touch if it's on a shelf.
Agricultural equipment toys.
John Deere on the
right and the left.
When I was really young,
I'd go into his old office and
he'd have tractors
along the top.
And I'd ask him to play
with them after camp.
Those are all from
Castle Building Supplies.
This is all
Home Hardware toys.
Canadian Tire trucks here.
More farm tractors.
London bus.
That's about it.
He brought me into it
as a kid:
buying, selling,
keeping, collecting,
fixing, restoring,
whatever it is.
So, it's just something
that's in my blood.
I share the same
passion as he does.
The cool thing about this
is that we found it at
an old Nash Dealership.
So, it might not look great,
but there's a cool
story behind it.
The body's nice,
minus the rust on it.
Like, there isn't
too much body damage.
Well, these cars
don't have a frame though.
They're called a unibody.
If there's one person that
knows about these old cars,
it's my grandpa.
He's been collecting them
for years and he'll
definitely be able to tell me
exactly what it's worth.
I hope he's impressed.
So, what do you think?
♪ (suspenseful)
Well, I think it's the most
ugly car I've ever seen.
♪
What do you think?
Well, I think it's the most
ugly car I've ever seen.
- I think it looks cool.
- Is the engine complete?
No. There might be like
an air filter in there.
I actually don't need that many
pieces, the glass you can get.
- The body's not all hammered.
- That's what I mean.
The body's nice,
minus the rust on it.
- It's definitely a project.
- It's a big project.
His initial
thought on it was,
"No, what is this ugly piece
of ---- that you brought
back to me, and why were you
up there wasting all this time
to just bring this
rust bucket home?"
Oh, boy.
Like, I know you always
want to bring me stuff,
but maybe next time, you find
something just a little better.
Okay, you want
to unload it?
Jerry is a little more
optimistic about Julien's find.
You come back tomorrow,
I'll have her running, okay.
- It's classic. Classic!
- Okay, so you like it.
♪
- Any motor in it?
- Nope.
- She's a Flintstone car.
- Yeah.
- Watch yourself.
- (door creaks)
Push! (grunts)
- Away we go!
- It's all you.
- Runs so smooth.
- Put the brakes on!
- There you go!
- (laughs)
Oh, okay, fine, maybe it's
a little bit of a fixer upper.
Is there a lever
for the hood in there?
Ah... try this.
Ah, yes, the engine.
- Parts of it.
- Very special.
Is it as bad as you
originally thought?
Nope. Somebody'll be
in love with it.
I think somebody will take it
and make a project out of it.
The chrome is in
very good shape.
Chrome's expensive.
It would be like 10 to
$12,000 to put
all new chrome on that car.
It was definitely a
good find,
definitely worth
bringing it home.
- It's unique.
- It's very unique.
You're absolutely right.
At first, my grandpa wasn't
impressed with the Nash.
What I learned from him is,
it would cost way too much
money to fix it up, so it's
better to sell it as-is,
and that's what
I'm gonna do.
(door slams)
♪
- Where did you get this?!
- Cobalt!
- Is it working?
- Well, I don't know yet.
Doesn't look
like it's working.
Well, let's see if
we can get it going.
Now, this takes me
back to Mary Anne and I,
when we first
started dating.
Really?
Yeah, we used to go out
to a place and they used to
have a jukebox in there,
and we used to
play records all the time.
Man, I'll tell you,
it was great.
- Seriously?
- Oh, yeah.
That sealed the deal,
rocking away?
Dancing to this?
I'm thinking that was
one of our first dates.
Really? Here, honey,
I'll pay for the quarter.
Well, she paid
for it, not me.
- (laughs)
- I love this.
- You don't like anything!
- This, I love.
I'll tell you what; if you can
get this working...
Working, but no
warranty, as is.
No, no, no. I understand that,
I understand that.
But I'm just saying, if you
can get this working,
I might be able to
get her to buy this.
- Really?
- Yep.
- I think she'd like it.
- Let's get it going.
A jukebox is electronic.
There's a lot
of moving parts.
There's a lot of wiring.
Usually when you
find one of these,
it's missing parts.
Thankfully,
this one's complete.
I'll let you know
when it comes on.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
- I got nothing.
- Seriously?
- Yeah. I got nothing, Ted.
- Nothing?
Not yet, no.
- We'll figure it out.
- Okay, alright.
The main power
is coming in here.
There's the main fuse.
Everything's kinda loose.
- What's the next step?
- Let's try it again.
- You want to try it?
- Yeah.
- You ready?
- Okay?
- Yeah...
We got power, buddy.
We got power.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I think that was it.
The main fuse was loose
and all these other plugs.
Can I put a quarter
in it and try it?
- Can't hurt. That's on?
- Yeah, so, let's play...
- Try 167.
- 160-- I'll try 167.
1-6-7.
Yeah, she's working.
- That's just gotta stop.
- There's one pass.
- Man...
- Hang on...
- Wait!
- There you go.
Look at that, brother.
♪ (jukebox music)
Awesome!
There it is, man!
- See?
- Beautiful!
- Perfect!
- Awesome!
Tweaked a fuse,
plugged a couple things in,
and it worked.
Okay, you got it working.
I'm gonna go call Mary Anne,
get her up here. Okay?
- Yeah.
And the rest is
up to you, buddy.
See what I
can do here, eh.
♪
- Hey, how you doing?
- Good, how are you today?
Good, good.
I put the word out about
that Petty hood ornament.
My phone's been burning up.
So, I laid out all the Nash
stuff for the first collector.
I got a long way to go to
hit Ryan's 10 grand target.
Hopefully, he buys it.
Oh, and that's
the beauty, itself?
Yeah, that's the
piece de resistance there.
You don't find these.
May I see it?
- Yeah, okay.
- Wonderful.
I know that's a Petty,
and it's '55, right?
It is. It's beautiful.
There's no pitting,
and it's clean.
That's sweet. I don't even
know if that's been on a car.
No, I honestly
don't think it has.
There's so scarring,
there's no mark from paint
or anything that
would show that
it had been on a
vehicle, previously.
- Yeah, so that's very rare?
- It is very, very rare.
I like that, hey?
(laughs)
They were installed at the
dealerships when they came in.
This was a Nash
dealership that we found it.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah...
...that was a Nash dealership.
Turned into Rambler.
So, some of the stuff's later,
it's Rambler, right?
Yes.
But I thought I'd put the
whole package out here for ya,
take a look. That's a
backup light, right?
No, these are
actually a search light.
They would mount them on
the front window post,
the way a
police car has one.
Some guys call 'em
backup lights. I don't know why.
A lot of the older vehicles
didn't have a reverse light
so, this is what you would
use for your backup.
It does have some
marking and pitting to it.
It has been on a vehicle.
But still, excellent,
excellent condition.
Like, I thought
this was really cool.
- The paint sample cards.
- Yeah.
Yeah, this is stuff
you never, ever find.
Even the promo work
is all in original,
wonderful condition.
- Yeah, it is.
The hub caps are
down to the point
of being a piece of wall art.
Yeah, they're a bit
hammered, eh?
But, with the rat rod style
being popular right now,
a lot of guys would want these
just to have on their wall.
- And then, there's this.
- Awesome.
That looks really neat.
That's either an oil cap
or an axle cap.
Actually, by the grease
inside from the bearing,
it would be an axle.
- Axle cap, eh?
- It's an axle.
See, I wasn't sure if that
was an oil cap or
an axle cap when I found it.
I Just like it 'cause
it's Nash. It's cool.
It is. Even with the
patina and all that,
the detail is still really,
really nice with it.
It's still a wonderful
piece to find.
- Let's talk turkey.
- I'm interested.
- The whole package?
- The whole package.
- So, I'm thinking 1500.
♪ (suspenseful)
Um....
Can you go 800?
8, see,
this is more than 8.
To be honest, I've got
1100 bucks in my pocket.
♪
Can you go 800?
8, see, this is probably
800 bucks, easy, right?
I know, I know. I'm just on
a bit of a budget.
I'm a collector.
I'm not a reseller.
This is all going
into my own collection.
And that's what I love 'cause
you're gonna keep it all, right?
- Exactly.
- It's not gonna be split up.
No, no, no.
Can we do... 1300?
To be honest, I've got
1100 bucks in my pocket,
and that's about all I've
got to play with today.
1100?
- For everything?
- For everything.
- I'll do it. 1100 bucks?
- Awesome.
Sold, man.
Let's go write it up.
- You're bringing it?
- I am bringing her with me.
I would, too.
No one will scoop it.
- Oh, yeah.
- Perfect, man.
♪
Julien gets back to work at
The National while he waits
to hear from a potential
buyer for the Nash.
My grandpa told me that it
wasn't worth fixing up the Nash,
but he did say that he might
know a guy that might
buy it as-is, just for
the nostalgia of it.
Hello!
Good.
I got something you're
gonna be stoked about, dude.
There's a new
demolition job.
It's a silo and a house,
a bungalow,
that has your
name all over it.
As in, like, I get to
actually tear it down?
- Yes! It has your name on it!
- Okay, yes! Let's go!
The new Priestly job is at a
spectacular horse farm
north of the city, and it's
Julien's first chance
at a solo demotion.
So, no Ted today.
Ted's not gonna be there
to stop us from wrecking things.
Is it a big silo, like one of
those 50-feet-high, or...?
It's attached
to another barn.
Okay, I am not,
I am not doing it.
(laughs)
The century-old silo is attached
to the farm's original barn.
The silo's falling apart
and has to come down,
but one bad move could
send the concrete blocks
in the wrong direction.
Justin takes the
lead on this one.
♪
I have no idea, before I
touch it with the machine,
how it's gonna fall.
I want it to go
a certain way.
I just try to guide it
to fall safely.
♪
It's a circle construct,
but all the blocks are
square or rectangular shaped.
It's like taking a hula hoop
and pressing down on it.
If you push
down on one part,
it's gonna bow out and
create an oval shape.
Every time you do that,
the blocks want to fall
outside in places where
you don't want it to go.
♪
Justin was very careful.
He ended up doing it without
having any barn damage.
It was a very good job.
One thing I can give you,
in all of this,
is worry about
doing it safe,
and don't worry
about the time.
Do it safe.
Safe, safe, safe.
- Then, speed will come, right?
- Okay.
♪
Okay, I brought you up
here for a reason. And...
- (laughs)
- That's the reason.
- Where did this come from?
- This came from Cobalt.
- Does it work?
- Yeah, it works. Yeah.
And has it got
records in it?
There's a few
old ones in there.
But we can put our
own records in it?
- I don't like your music.
- Yeah, I know.
John's music and my music
are totally different.
He was more The Who
and Led Zeppelin,
where I was more the folk
singers and country music.
- Ted!
- Yeah?
- I got Mary Anne up here.
- Hey, Mary Anne.
- Hi.
- How you doing, man?
Good to see you.
You like it?
- I do like it.
- It's cool!
Alright, I'm gonna finish what I
have to do in the office, okay.
You get a better
deal when he's not here.
- (laughs)
- For sure.
- Alright?
- Alright.
- What do you think?
- I do like it.
Brings back memories.
Yeah, that's what John said.
He was reminiscing.
It brought a little
tear to his eye there.
I doubt that.
And it works, right?
- Yeah.
- What are you selling it for?
Well, to anyone else,
it would be 750.
You're giving me
a friend discount?
I'm giving you a
really good discount.
You can't even
hammer me on this.
How's 300?
That's less than half.
Ah...
(laughs)
You know what I'll even do...
Oh god, I never do this.
250. This is the first-time
John's ever liked anything
'cause all I ever hear is,
"That's a piece of crap.
No one's gonna buy it."
He likes it,
you like it,
and I love the idea that
you guys are gonna
fight over the records.
- I just love it!
- He has no say in that.
He has to listen
to whatever you want.
That's right.
So, this is kind of
like payback for me.
- Payback for me too!
- 250, and I'll deliver it.
I know; it's great
for both of us.
- Thanks. Excellent.
- Excellent!
I'm gonna go find John.
Give him the good news.
Okay.
I gave them a really
good deal on that.
Plus, Mary Anne gets
to pick the music.
It's gonna drive him nuts
every night!
I can't wait to get it home.
♪
Back at the horse farm,
Justin has successfully
brought the silo down.
Now, it's Julien's turn
to tear down the house.
I'll labour here.
I'll pick this.
You take the big machine,
go over there.
- The house is yours.
- Okay.
Every young guy
wants to run a machine.
It's Julien's turn. Like,
let's get him in the machine.
Let's see what he can do.
I feel like I'm at home now.
This job is a perfect chance for
Julien to hone his demo skills.
It's small, contained,
and clear of other buildings.
It's the smart way to learn.
♪
It's a small building,
but I still have to
sort out all the materials.
There's wood, there's plastic,
there's a little bit of steel
for a frame, and some tin.
♪
Do you see the water
come out of the ground?
Do you see the water?
Move that ----.
- What?
- There's live water here!
Really? Where is the
pipe going though?
Right here.
We ended up
hitting the well line.
I was very scared because
I've heard so many
horror stories of breaking
gas lines, water lines.
Oh, my god.
Water is spewing everywhere.
This is the end of the job
and the end of my career.
----!
♪
It's gonna come over here.
The odds are we won't
be able to crimp it.
Can't keep running the
demo here if we got
water spewing out on the site.
We gotta figure out a way
to stop the water
before we continue work.
Is there threads
on there, still?
Actually, yes. Hang on.
I think I can shut it off.
Want to try and
tighten it up?
The owner was supposed to
take care of the water.
They thought they
turned off the water supply,
but there's an older well
further in the woods that
they forgot about.
It's right on
the last thread.
If you tighten it,
it's just gonna fall off.
Can I try and
tighten it, at least?
Yeah, go ahead, bud.
♪
Oh, I think you got it.
Sometimes, all you need is
a little bit of will power
and a decent sized wrench.
- Look at you.
- Sweet. Here.
Can I go back
to wrecking now?
(laughs) Yeah.
Fortunately for Julien,
hitting the water line
didn't cause any damage.
It's a great reminder to
always triple check that
services are shut
off prior to wrecking.
Potential hazards from gas
and electrical lines
could cause much
bigger problems.
It's good to see how he
reacts to hitting anything
that's unknown
because some people panic.
I think he panicked a little,
but it's just water.
It's not the end of the day.
He's fine.
It's a good learning moment.
Done?
Put the, put the
machine over here, man.
Get it away from the wood!
♪
That's it, bud. We got trucks
coming tomorrow.
What do you think?
I think you did
a fantastic job.
It's the first time
I've actually
done a full demo, myself.
- Well, congratulations.
- Thank you.
Let's get out
of here, bud.
I think that
was a good day.
was a great day, man.
Hot on the heels of
a successful demo,
Julien meets with an old
friend of Vic's
who really wants to
check the Nash out.
- Allan, how are you?
- Hi, Julien, how are you?
- I'm good, thanks.
- This is a beautiful car.
This was my old family car.
This car is really a
piece of history to me.
It's the first family car I can
remember that my father had.
What year was the one
that your family had?
I'm pretty sure
it was a '52.
I think it was this
very car, actually.
That's incredible.
I remember the
fold-down seats.
I remember, in 1954,
in Hurricane Hazel,
we drove over in this Nash
to pick our relatives up and
bring them back and,
we got stuck.
The water was right up to
the running boards
on the thing and it stalled.
My uncle was with us
and he said,
"Do you have a
fire extinguisher?"
Sprayed all the wires and
the darn thing started,
and we drove home.
It's absolutely stunning how the
chrome has been maintained.
- It hasn't been redone.
- No, it's definitely original.
It's probably
double, triple coated.
Like, we don't even
hardly have chrome anymore.
What's it look
like under the hood?
- Can you lift that?
- I can, yes.
♪
There you go.
So, the engine's still there.
It's rough.
It's a skeleton, for sure.
Definitely, but the
skeleton's in good shape,
which is what matters.
- Yeah. Bullet hole.
- Yeah. Free of charge.
- So, what do you think?
- What's the number?
- I'd like 18.
- (exhales)
Well, we got it up in Cobalt.
We pushed it on the trailer,
we trailered it
all the way back.
I know it's
sentimental value,
but we've got a bit of
work into getting it here.
You couldn't get 18 in
Cobalt either, I bet.
It requires 5 in the
motor, 5, interior,
5,000 for glass,
5,000 just to do the metal over.
And, another 5 to finish it.
You'd never get
your money out.
No one would do this,
but it's sentimental
to me... so...
- Of course.
- I would pay...
...1000 for it, for sure.
1800's crazy.
1000?
Well, it requires
so much work.
Well, could we meet
in the middle and do 14?
- That's still too high. 12.
- 12...
Okay, just 'cause you're
friends with my grandpa,
and because I've
known you for so long,
I think we can do 12.
Done deal,
thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
He's not his grandfather,
but he's a Priestly, for sure.
(laughs)
I don't know
what my wife might say.
She wanted a second car.
Selling this Nash was
another first for me.
Found the car,
trailered it home,
and then made a
sale for it after.
With this sale, I put us
over the target for Cobalt.
I am no longer the rookie.
I'll be happy to see it on
your lawn and not on ours.
Excellent.
♪